Main Plot - Mining in the Kuiper Belt
Routes:
1. Assist the corporation that has hired you to insure their mining rights in the Kuiper Belt by any means
2. Turn against the corporation and help either: The Miners, The Government, Venus Conglomerate(Rival Corporation), the Pirates, or play all sides for your own gain.

Part One - Venus I:
The players find themselves the prisoners of the Marauders and have been for months when the pirate base becomes under attack by an unknown force. During which they would be captured/protected by the attacking force, known as AstroCorp.
Once they escaped with AstroCorp they reveal their intentions: AstroCorp has heard of this group's reputation and requires their services with a problem of theirs, if the players got disagreeable during this, they would starkly remind them of who they owe their freedom to, and that they could put them right back in Jail
If the players refuse then they will be sent back to prison(We will get to that path later). Their offer is to provide protection and money to the group if they helped them secure their position in the Kuiper Belt.

If Yes(and they can change later), AstroCorp will say they can't transport them their directly because that would violate a agreement they have with the other factions. Instead they will each receive 1000 credits and get dropped of at Venus I Major Orbital Station.

At the station they will need to source a ride by a variety of ways.
1. Theft: Stealing a craft and zooming off(this will cause government police forces to have you on a watchlist)
2. Purchase a craft: the cheapest craft will cost 5000 credits(and will likely have many mechanical issues), a craft that will work will cost 10000 credits, and a espically nice one will cost 15000.
3. turn against the corporation by assiting a different faction and do some missions to prove your loyalty, they will cover the costs of sourcing a ship(10000 credits option).

Part Two - Kuiper Belt:

By whatever route the players picked, they will end up in the Kuiper Belt, where they will meet with a faction(their faction or another if they wished)

They will do missions that help a faction(or multiple) and gain influence points(hidden from players) with that faction. Missions will either strengthen a faction or hurt another(or sometimes both(Actualy strength will be hidden from players)).
Once they have done enough objectives to gain enough strength for a faction they will get a mission on earth to sabatoge a meeting of factions

Part Three - Meeting of Factions:

By whatever faction(s) the players supported the players will have to travel to Earth for a meeting of Factions. Each different faction has an agenda. The meeting of factions is about the rights to mining in the Kuiper Belt.
Each Faction has it's own interests in the meeting, determined on their strength. During the meeting, the players may take actions to increase the tenseness. Starting at 1, if tenseness reaches 5, conflict explodes and each faction gains one ship per strength level.
Additionally Factions may undertake illegal actions during the meeting if they don't get the result they want.

AstroCorp:
1 - Does not secure any rights and is taken over by Venus Conglomerate(unless they die too in which case the world ends)
2-5 - Secures limited rights
6-9 - Secures a major portion of rights
10+ - Secures total control

Miners: 
1 - Miner Faction Disbanded
2-3 - Miner Faction Accedes to the demands of the largest faction
4-5 - Attempts to negotiate for better conditions
6-9 - Demands other factions recognize independence
10+ - Doesn't show up to meeting, instead destroys the other factions in the system

Venus Conglomerate:
1 - Decides the Kuiper Belt is not a worthy expansion for it's cost and departs
2-5 - Secures limited rights, unless another faction has total control
6-9 Secures a Major portion of rights
10+ Secures total control

The Government:
1 - The Government has been embarassed at Kuiper and the public has lost it's faith. The Government Collapses
2-4 - Government loses more power to the corporations
5-9 - The Government proves it's capable and takes a more prominant role in the future
10+ - All Other Factions are integrated into the Government

Marauders: 
1 - Pirates are destroyed
2-5 - Pirates remain as usual
6-9 - Pirates gain strength over more space
10+ - Pirates gain full control over the Kuiper Belt
